TO DO: Make a list of your favorite 3-5 applications and identify 2-3 features that make them your favorite app. Its okay if features repeat on different apps

1. YouTube TV: When visiting new hotels, Airbnb, or a friends house I love how easy YouTube TV through the use of QR code makes so that I watch special events, games, and shows with friends or while on vacation on any tv. 
Allows me and others to follow each other to show when someone is watching to be able to connect and message them what they are currently watching and also allows us to post our top 10 recs.
2. Booking: With the Booking app, I like that I now can search hotels based on a specific location I am would like to visit. It tells me the exact distance in miles I would be if I chose that hotel. For example, when visiting Mammoth mountain I would like to be as close to the Ski resort as possible and booking calculates the distance for me.
3. Spotify: Before this new feature, Spotify when playing songs "randomly" from my "liked" songs playlist would only shuffle through that specific playlist. Now I enjoy that Spotify will not only shuffle through your liked songs but also play suggested songs based off your liked songs playlist. For me this is a great way to discover new music.

TO DO: Think of an app idea that you would like to build. It can be a new idea or an improvement on an existing app. Write a short paragraph describing the app and the features you would like to implement. You are not commiting to this idea, but it helps to start brain storming early on and get feedback from your peers and instructors.

1. I would enjoy my viewing experience on Netflix much more if they added the following features. One, the ability to follow friends and family. Two the ability to create my own perosnal home page with my own selection of top 5 shows and movies. But also allows me to post what I am currently binge watching. Currently, Netflix gives us it's top 10 movies and top 10 shows based on an algorithm of how many views a show/movie gets. This is great to see what the greater public is currently watching but I care more about what my friends and family are watching. I always ask and/or text people if they have any show/movie they can recommend. It would be great instead if Netflix would allows us the user to create a profile page of our own recommendations so that only people who follow me can view what I personally recommend to watch. This feature would allow me to create a home page and post my own top 5 recommendations and allows my frineds and family to follow me to be able to view those recommmendations. Now I would be able to see what my close circle is currently recommending and also what they are currently binge watching. 
